third days of the interim league with the leader of the northern zone was the world
serves everything else
the men of the house commanded the match from the beginning and wanted to add
points and with the bodies of the four rigid series are insulated
the gondomar tries to hide in a good header from behind the Togolese
adebayor
you're the freemont of everything because of a first notice to probank actor with the
lulismo caricato by the young tiago costa
she
joe
in the finzinho of goalkeeper nuno santos what types of virus and another was given
in the face of the goal
the player of the cold world team this time with the league's scorer
intercalar the Brazilian that special
I went to record a CD with so many people as the world itself that we
second part as sea color that is try to drive
she
in the counties and how much is facing inspired and scored a great goal
made the accounts in a match that offered the trainer of nine-year gondomar
resigned
Maricatus years
all the same calves
on three pillars
in the game in question breaking
What we want in the back of the goal we like a lot
in the first a first part
very well done on our part
in hard terms with two goals
we stayed a while
When you came back, do not call me. I'm scared.
only on paper
a great game care of são paulo